Joanna needs to get the stains out of her dress. Ethel recommends her to take it to the dry cleaner's at Jagiellonska 3.
Joanna is going to get the coffie stains out of her dress . She recommends it to the dry - cleaner ' s . She will have it done .
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3 as it cleaned up all the stains from her favourite dress.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance instead of 5.
Jane and Steven will meet at 4:30 instead of 5 because the road is new .
Jane and Steven will meet at 4:30 instead of 5. They will wait at the main entrance.
It takes at least 3 hours to get there. They will meet at 4:30 instead of 5. Jane will wait for him at the main entrance.
Paul is almost there. Laura has been waiting for him for 15 minutes.
Laura is almost there . He was almost there 15 minutes ago .
Laura has been waiting for Paul for 15 minutes. Paul is close to the Mac.
Laura has been waiting 15 minutes for Paul, who is almost there.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to sign up for the match next week.
Baron , Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group to the match next week .
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to add people from their group to the calendar for the match next week.
There is a football match next week. Their tutor wanted to join them.
Grace and Audrey didn't talk to each other at the party last night. Grace is graduating soon and she's thinking about applying for grad school. Grace has also thought about taking a year off.
Grace went to the party last night . She is excited about graduating soon and might apply for grad school .
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and will apply for grad school. She has also thought of taking a year off.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey a lot at the party last night. She is thinking about applying for grad school. She has also thought about taking a year off.
Sam doesn't want to talk to him because he's not talking to her. Cathy thinks he likes her. Sam will talk with him tomorrow.
Sam doesn ' t like him . He ' s shy and he ' s looking at her . Sam will talk with him tomorrow .
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he's not talking to her. Cathy thinks he's looking at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Cathy thinks he likes Sam. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
Derek and Phil had a long day . Derek closed some deals and he was stressed . This annoys him . Some customers are negotiating for days or weeks and then they pull out .
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals, but he was stressed. Phil couldn't close any deal.
Derek had a busy day. Phil couldn't close any deal.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Adelle hasn ' t cleaned the hamster cage . It ' s Pete ' s turn .
Adelle has to clean the hamster cage after school.
Pete will clean the hamster cage after school.
Callum is busy.
Callum is still busy .
Callum is still busy and sorry.
Callum is busy.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in his closet. He keeps buying new stuff. Mikaela only has one box at Ikea.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in his closet and he has 4 boxes so far .
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. She bought 4 boxes of it at Ikea so far.
Mikaela had to buy a box of fabric at IKEA because her closet got too small. Mikaela hopes she won't get to this point.
Adele got a new dog, a pup biscuit lab. He's 4 months old and called him Bones. The other dogs keep their distance from him.
Adele bought a new dog . It ' s a 4 months old biscuit lab . She called him Bones . He ' s plump .
Adele got a new dog, a 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu mother him, Speedy wants to play. There are no fighting between the dogs.
Adele got a new 4-month-old biscuit lab. Lola can't wait to see him.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Nate and Julia didn't know Tim is gay.
Adam ' s friend told him he saw Tim with a guy . He didn ' t tell them and Julia and Nate ' s friends .
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Nate and Julia didn't know Tim is gay.
Adam's friend told him that Tim is gay.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups. She was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room. She will take out the whole green set.
Emily feels terrible about breaking Linda ' s tea cup but she is not mad and gives her the whole set .
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups. She was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room and brushed it off the table with her skirt. She will take out the whole green set from the set.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups. Emily was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room. They will see each other in the evening.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve .
Mum will wrap something up for Steve to eat.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Janet, Alison, Cheryl, Sue, Leslie, Eric, Linda and Arlene are disgusted with Roz absence at the inauguration.
Janet considers Trump ' s election victory a disgrace .
Janet, Cheryl, Arlene, Roz, Leslie, Nicole, Eric, Linda, Leslie and Sue are angry about Donald Trump missing the ceremony.
Donald Trump skipped the inauguration.
Patrick has changed his phone number.
Patrick doesn ' t pick up Matt ' s calls .
Patrick's phone number is +44 7700 900077.
Patrick has changed his phone number.
Hilary has the keys to the apartment. She's going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. Benjamin will join them.
Hilary wants the keys to her apartment . Benjamin , Elliot and Daniel are meeting for drinks in the evening . They are going to La Cantina for a nap .
Hilary will have lunch with some French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. Elliot and Daniel will join them. Benjamin will take the keys.
Hilary has the keys to the apartment. Elliot, Daniel and Hilary are meeting for drinks in the evening. They will have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. Hilary is meeting them at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm.
Erin will meet Ashley at the restaurant to do the interview.
Erin will come to Ashley ' s to do the interview .
Ashley is at the camp. She will meet Erin at the pool or restaurant today.
Erin will come over to Ashley's to do the interview.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow 9. Nada lent her laptop to her brother. Dima will borrow Nada's laptop. He will pick it up in an hour.
Dima ' s laptop is broken and he needs to deliver a translation two days . The cat spilled coffee on it . Nada can ' t lend Dima her old laptop . Dima will borrow Nada ' s old laptop .
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada's cat spilled coffee on it. Dima will pick up his laptop in an hour.
Dima's laptop is broken because a cat spilled coffee on it. Nada will lend Dima her old laptop. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Michael is in Boston next weekend. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. Michael is bored with his job in London and wants to leave. Kai has a conference on 2 weeks.
Michael has been travelling to Boston for 2 weeks and he ' s
Michael has been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He is thinking of quitting his job in London and looking for a new one. Kai has a conference on 2 weeks.
Michael is travelling a lot, he's been to Argentina and Netherlands. He is in Boston next weekend. He is considering quitting his job. Kai has a lot of work these days. Kai has a conference on 8th.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. They will have a little celebration tonight.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success tonight .
Ann, Sue and Julie are going to celebrate Sue's and Julie's graduation tonight.
Ann, Sue and Julie are going to celebrate Ann's success tonight.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol ' s garden on Wednesday at 6 pm .
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm. He will make preserves with them.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Rashi is confused about her career options. Teacher advises her to choose a career which interests her, get experienced and try to expand her scope.
Rashi is a bit confused about her career choices .
Rashi is confused about her career options. Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what interests her.
Rashi is confused about his career. Teacher has answered Rashi's questions.
Maria and Sarah will meet tomorrow evening at Friday afternoon to discuss all remaining questions after the IMF lecture. Lawrence will be late.
Maria , Alexander and Sarah are meeting at IMF lecture tomorrow at 17 : 15 .
Maria, Alexander, Sarah, Lawrence and Martha will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss the IMF lecture and do the calculations.
Maria, Sarah, Lawrence and Martha are going to the IMF lecture tomorrow. Alexander has to meet for another presentation on Friday afternoon. Lawrence will be late.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses.
Martha will buy the similar lenses from Ophelia ' s profile picture .
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture from Crazy Lenses.
Martha wants to buy similar lenses from Ophelia. Ophelia will check them out.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and some chocolate for William's spaghetti.
William is making spaghetti and Beth will buy fresh tomatoes and chocolate for him .
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy fresh tomatoes and chocolate for after the dinner.
William wants Olivia to buy some fresh tomatoes for spaghetti. Beth will buy some chocolate for after the dinner.
James will pick the car up tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow . Sue will transfer the money in .
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
James will pick up Sue's car after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
Kelly went to the pub and met people from school. She didn't like the fact that he passed the pub at 2 am.
Kelly went after people from school and met a pub at 2 am . They didn ' t talk until he told her .
Betty and Kelly went to a pub at 2 am. Kelly met people from school and met him. He didn't talk to her, but he heard from her.
Kelly went to the pub and met people from school. He was with someone and Kelly told him a few words. They didn't talk to each other.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian. Damian had a rough day.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian .
Ethan is downtown and will buy a kebab for Damian. Damian is starving.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian downtown. He will cook something for himself and Ethan.
Leah sends Kristi a link with 20 discount coupon for the online shop Direndia45 ω. Kristi will use it to buy new trainers.
Leah asked Kristi for a 20% discount coupon on the online shop .
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon on an online shop. Kristi will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a discount coupon. Leah will get some money for the shopping next time.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job . Nate will call her when he gets off work .
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. She's watched everything on youtube already and will call Nate when he gets off work.
Jill is bored and looking for a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Tobias and Trevor will meet for a beer at 9 at Tobias's place.
Tobias and Trevor are meeting for a beer at 9 at Tobias ' s place .
Tobias and Trevor are going to meet for a beer at 9 at Tobias' place.
Tobias and Trevor will grab a beer at 9 at Tobias's place.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts tomorrow.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts .
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody.
Rose and Jake start thinking about Christmas gifts tomorrow. Rose loves making gifts.
Karen passed.
Karen passed the test .
Karen passed her exam.
Karen passed her driving test.
Cindy has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in their conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Don will go on a trip to Hilton next week.
Don has a meeting with the management board today at 2 pm . Cindy set the conference room in their conference room . Andy didn ' t read the agenda . Cindy ' s going to the Hilton hotel for the trip .
Don has a meeting with the management board today at 2 pm in his conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Don will get a cab to the airport. He will go on a trip next week. Cindy has booked the hotel.
Andy has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm. Cindy prepared the agenda. He will stay at Hilton.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Tom and Camilla decide to go to Dublin this weekend .
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin this weekend.
Andy Andy will be there by 8.
Andy will be there by 4 .
Andy will be at Sue's by 8.
Andy is working late and will be there at 8.
Ken is depressed, frustrated and stressed out. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Ken is depressed and is stressed out . Ellen is worried about him .
Ken is depressed and stressed today. He had a bad day yesterday.
Ken had a bad day yesterday and he feels overwhelmed and burnt out today.
Mike should ask Mary for John's number.
Mike will ask Mary for new John ' s number , but Ann doesn ' t have it .
Ann doesn't have John's number, so Mike should ask Mary.
Mary doesn't have John's number, so Mike should ask her.
Harry will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah at Ikea. He will also buy Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Harry is going to Ikea and asked Harry to buy a table cloth , two small wardrobe organisers , a wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners .
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah. He'll also buy Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Harry is going to Ikea Family. She wants Harry to buy a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs. Harry forgot his IKEA family card.
Hugh will come to make the pizza and get started.
Hugh and Wanda will arrive , they will make the pizza and put it in the oven .
Hugh and Wanda are going to make pizza. They will make the base and prepare everything earlier.
Hugh and Wanda are going to make pizza. He will make the base and put it in the oven.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop as Black Friday is coming. Olaf is sceptical about the validity of the Black Friday sales pitch. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow to start looking for a good deal. He will contact a guy who sells almost new computers at reasonable prices.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop , but Black Friday is coming . Olafestor can ' t find a good offer at a good price . Olaf will call or text a guy who sells almost new
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop for Black Friday. Olaf will help him find a good deal.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop on Black Friday. Olaf will help Nestor find a good deal tomorrow.
Holly is not coming tonight because she feels bad.
Holly is not coming tonight . She has flu .
Holly doesn't feel well, so she won't come to Jake's party tonight.
Holly won't come to Jake's party tonight because she feels sick.
Rachel has a new siamese cat. She named her Portia. Portia doesn't like her because she's allergic to cats.
Rachel has a new cat . The name is Portia . She has allergic to Portia .
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. She loves her. Rachel is allergic to cats. She is taking medication for it.
Rachel got a new Siamese cat named Portia. Rachel is allergic to cats and takes medication for it. She named her Portia. She's taking medication.
Sandra has a disease. She's getting better every day. Stella wanted to visit her but she didn't want to get infected by the disease that she's been carrying. She wants to take her to the cinema. Sandra prefers action movies.
Sandra is recovering after a long illness . Stella wants to take her to the cinema . Sandra wants to watch some action movie .
Stella will take Sandra to the cinema to watch an action movie.
Sandra is recovering after a sickness. She is getting better every day and has some effective medicines now. Stella will take her to the cinema.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person tomorrow morning.
Phil is looking for Rob . Rob needs to talk to him in person tomorrow morning .
Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning to talk to him in person.
Rob is looking for Phil and needs to see him in person. Phil is on his way from one client to another. Phil is out of town, but he will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Simon will fetch Helen some tissues.
Helen is about to call Simon , because he forgot the toilet paper . Simon will fetch her some tissues .
Helen called Simon on the phone, but he didn't hear her. The toilet paper is finished. Simon will fetch some tissues for Helen.
Helen was on the phone and Simon didn't hear her. Simon will fetch some tissues for Helen.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. Stanley can't go for this weekend with her because of work. Stanley and Alison have been together for 4 months. Stanley will talk to Alison when she's back.
Stanley is mad with Del because he has been with her for 4 years . She accused him of having an affair . Stanley is finishing the analysis for the Lidem project tonight and Alison is out of touch . They will divide the tasks of the project tomorrow .
Stanley can't go for this weekend with Del because of work. She accused him of having an affair. They've been together for 4 months. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. Stanley will talk to her when she's back. The analysis of tasks is on Bill.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. They've been together for 4 months. Alison disappeared from the media and won't answer her phone.
Olafur and Nathalie are going to attend Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho for New Year's Eve.
Olafur and Nathalie are going to spend the New Year ' s Eve party at Tiffany's in Soho .
Olafur, Nathalie and Zoe will go to Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho for New Year's Eve.
Olafur, Nathalie and Zoe are going to Soho for New Year's Eve. Nathalie suggests going to Olafur's party. Olafur doesn't want to go to an opera. Nathalie, Olafur and Zoe will go to Tiffany's party.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and is coming back the same day .
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight.
Dean and Poppy are going to have dinner tonight . Dean will grab something for Poppy on the way back home .
Poppy won't be home tonight, so Dean will grab something to eat on his way home.
Dean will get something for dinner on the way back home as Poppy won't be home tonight. Poppy will see Dean tomorrow.
Harry is outside waiting for Ema.
Harry is waiting for Ema outside . Ema will be there in 2 minutes .
Harry is waiting for Ema outside. The movie has already started. Ema will join him in 5 minutes.
Ema is running late for the cinema. The movie has already started, so Ema needs 5 more minutes to get ready.
Anne and Ella went to La Perle. They ordered a cheesecake with a crushed nuts in the crust. Jane is allergic to peanuts.
Jane used to visit La Perle . Anne and Ella were there with Jane . Jane is allergic to peanuts .
Anne and Eddie went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. They ordered a cheesecake. Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite of it.
Jane is allergic to peanuts, so she doesn't go to La Perle any more. Anne and Ella have just been there with Jane. She should sue them.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Judy will feed Derek ' s animals on Friday and Saturday . She will give Derek his keys on Thursday .
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Judy is not leaving for the weekend. Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her keys on Thursday.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes .
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Aimee doesn't know where Maryam is. She might be with his father.
Aimee is looking for Maryam .
Soren doesn't know where Maryam is. Aimee tried his number and went to her home. Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father.
Maryam might be with his father.
Kas will probably tidy up Laura's dreads this weekend.
Kas will clean up Laura ' s dreads this weekend . Kas needs to check her schedule with work and let Laura know if she can do it .
Laura wants Kas to tidy up her dreads for her this weekend. Kas will check his schedule with work first.
Kas will tidy up Laura's dreads for her a couple of days. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can do it.
Linda will not be able to do any gardening before leaving.
Mika offers Linda a few plants for her garden .
Linda will get a few plants from Mika for her garden.
Mika wants to buy plants for Linda's garden. She doesn't want to throw them out.
Iris wants to remove herself from an expense. The expense involves a person who has left the group and can't be edited. Ken will add her back to the group. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Iris wants to remove herself from an expense . Ken fixed the expense . Ken , Luke , Julia and Gerardo add Jula to the car rental price .
Iris is trying to remove Juls from an expense. Ken will add her back to the group. Gerardo will add Juls towards the car rental price. Julia will wire Ken the money she owes him.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Ken got the email address of the person. It's the car. They need to add her towards the car rental price. George and Gerardo will stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
USA won last night . Croatia playing tomorrow at 2 : 00 .
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
USA won the football match last night. England plays Croatia tomorrow at 2:00.
Greg needs to stay after hours and asks Betsy to pick Johnny up. She can't do it as she has to work long hours today.
Greg needs to stay after hours . Betsy can ' t pick him up .
Greg needs to stay after hours and will pick up Johnny. Betsy can't pick him up as she has to work long hours.
Betsy can't pick up Johnny because she needs to work long hours. Betsy can't pick up Johnny. He will think of something.
Lee is bewildered by the fact that the client manager put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket after work. He has a meeting with a Russian soldier. Lee preordered RoS CE.
Lee is scared of the Russian client who is preparing a presentation for the client for almost 5 months . Lee went and pre - ordered RoS CE in order to get a better experience .
Lee is confused. The digital wizard client manager who normally wears only hoodies, just put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has a date with a Russian soldier. Lee bought RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. He also bought Wings and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Russian soldiers are coming to the digital wizard client manager. He has a date after work with a Russian soldier. Lee pre-ordered the game.
Case took 4 hours to do her nails. Amelia and Kristen want Casey to do their nails as well.
Casey did her nails herself with a new nail polish . It took her nearly 4 hours to do it .
Casey did her nails herself, but it took her 4 hours. Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails for them.
Casey did her nails herself and it took her 4 hours. It took Casey 4 hours to do them.
Jordan got her birthday card and money on time. She likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time . He got it from Nanna .
Jordan got his birthday card and £20 from his Nanna. He likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time and he loves Thomas the Tank Engine.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon because they don't like parties. They prefer travelling and sightseeing.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to party . Poppy doesn ' t like parties because she ' s tired .
Poppy and Harry would like to go to Lisbon. Poppy doesn't like parties as they make her tired.
Harry prefers Lisbon than a party. Poppy doesn't like parties as they make her tired. Harry likes sightseeing.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany .
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany on her way home.
Riley will buy a burger on Tiffany's request.
Tom and Ben will meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will bring his papers.
Tom and Ben are meeting at 2pm in the Oval Room .
Tom and Ben are meeting at 2pm in the Oval Room. Ben will take all his papers and be there.
Ben will take all his papers at 2pm in the oval room.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week, so he will not be able to bring Peyton the video game.
Cameron will not have time to deliver the video game for Peyton , because he has to stay out of town for another week .
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. Peyton wants him to bring the video game for her.
Peyton wants Cameron to bring a video game for her. Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week, so he needs to bring the game by courier.
Z didn't apply for the RGS grant last year.
Pamela and Zoe failed last year for the RGS grant . Pamela does not have to be a member of RGS .
Pamela will have a look at the RGS website to apply for the grant.
Pamela wants to apply for the RGS grant. Zoe and Xiara didn't get it last year. Pamela will have a look at the website to see if she needs to be a member.
Zac is on his way to visit Barbara. Sean will bring the dog. They will stay overnight at Barbara's.
Barbara is at home . Sean will come over with the dog . He will stay overnight .
Barbara invited Sean, Zac and the dog to stay overnight at her place.
Zac is on his way to visit Barbara. Zac is on his way and will stay overnight. Zac is on his way.
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike.
Pogba is a great player . This season he ' s more mature .
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike.
Jose has more trust in him this season. Jose has faith in him after his first 60 minutes.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase and a black dress for 70 euros at the second hand shop downtown.
Jessica bought a table , six chairs , a vase and clothes in the second hand shop downtown . She bought the black dress as a present .
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown. She bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress. She paid 70 euros for it.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase and a pile of clothes at the second hand shop downtown. She bought a table, six chairs and a pile of clothes for 70 euros.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow .
Alicja is having a job interview tomorrow.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. Willyx wants to know how it went.
Lena and Brian don't like the new professor who gives students excercises on pages 12 16 for their homework.
Lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given .
Lena and Brian don't want to do the homework, because the new professor gave them exercise on pages 12-16.
The new professor gave students a homework. Brian will protect her.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday. Tom can't make it because he's going to a party at his in laws.
Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going to a party on Saturday . Dan needs to be home at 2 .
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is going to a party at in-laws. Dan needs to be home at 2 on Sunday.
Dan, Tim and Chris are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom can't make it. Dan will be home at 2 pm on Sunday.
Laura didn't reply to Sarah. Sarah is on an island called Linate. Laura is staying at a hotel there.
Raf and Laura didn ' t get any messages . Laura is in Linate .
Laura didn't get any replies from Raf and Sarah. Sarah and Raf are on an exotic island called Linate.
Laura didn't get any replies from Raf is on an island called Linate.
Michelle and Jared used to go out with kelly. Jared wants to ask her out.
Jared likes kelly and doesn ' t mind if he asks her out .
Michelle and Jared used to go out together and kelly is Jared's bestfriend. Jared wants to ask her out.
Jared wants to ask kelly out. They used to go out together. Michelle doesn't want him to ask her out.
Priscilla bought the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop online. Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded it and put it on a CD.
Priscilla bought Microsoft Office software for her new laptop but Stu is not happy with it .
Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for Priscilla's new laptop. Stu didn't check. She bought the software online.
Alex downloaded open office and some other programs and put them on a cd.
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday.
Mike is thinking about going for Holiday in Croatia . He ' s never been to .
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday.
Mike wants to go on holiday to Egypt. Celia thinks it's too hot. Mike has never been to Croatia, but he likes the idea.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Miley needs some rest and wants to go to work tomorrow .
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. She wants to sleep.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office to send a letter.
Will is standing in a long line to reach a letter in the XXI century .
Will is standing in a long line at the post office in order to send a traditional letter in the XXI century.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office. Chris and Will hate queuing at the post office. The post office is overcrowded with elderly people.
Alec and Alexa both like America's Got Talent. Alec thinks the girl on the show is the best.
Aleca sent Alexa a link to last America ' s got talent . Alec is pleased with the girl .
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. Alec recommends her to watch it. He thinks she might win the edition.
Alec has seen the last episode of America's Got Talent. Alec thinks she's the best.
Israel hasn't sewn anything yet. Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She will show Israel the photos of the dress soon.
Autumn hasn ' t sewn a dress yet . She didn ' t show it to Israel . She will show Israel the dress .
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. Israel hasn't had the time yet. Autumn has sewn a dress. Israel will see it soon.
Autumn sent Israel a photo of a dress that didn't work properly for a month.
Julia doesn't want to eat with her parents anymore. Ronald wants to tell her something.
Julia doesn ' t want to eat with her parents anymore . Ronald will call her when she gets back .
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Julia is spending her weekend with her parents. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Ditty came back last night. Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. She will come over to collect it today around 6 pm.
Inga has some mail for Ditty . Andy was emptying her letter box before Christmas . Inga collected a parcel for her .
Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Ditty will come over to Inga's around 6 pm to collect it.
Ditty came back from work last night. Andy was emptying the letter box and Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Inga will be back from work around 6 pm. Ditty will come over to Inga to collect it.
Kate had a fight with Chris. She's angry every time she talks to him because he says certain things on purpose. He watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. He thinks that Mexican children are worse and that they should be kept away from the US.
Kate is angry with Chris because he keeps talking to her . She was an immigrant who was working abroad and she doesn ' t know why .
Kate had a fight with Chris. He watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. He thinks Mexican children are worse and that they should be kept away from the US. Kate doesn't know why she's still talking to him.
Kate had a fight with Chris about the refugees. Kate doesn't want to argue with him. Kate tries to reason with him, but he doesn't listen. Kate and Mary are angry with him. Kate and Mary don't want to be friends with Chris.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair are going for a coffee at 2 pm.
Mr . Williams and Ms . Blair will meet for a coffee at 2 p.m. .
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will go for a coffee at 2 p.m. to a favourite coffee place near the square.
Mr. Williams wants to go for a coffee with Ms. She has a favourite coffee place. They will meet at a coffee place near the square at 2 pm.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is going with them. They are going to an expo.
Edward , Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow . They are going to an expo .
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. They are going to an expo. The boss is coming with them. Kate doesn't like the expo but they have to go anyway.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They will have a few meetings with clients. They are going to an expo.
Olivia needs to do her accounts. She also needs to upload some videos to YouTube.
Olivia has some plans for the day . She should do the accounts , get the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months , and videos she needs to upload to YouTube . She also has some music - related matters .
Olivia is going to do her accounts and upload a few videos to YouTube.
Olivia is going to do her accounts and upload a few videos to YouTube. She also needs to do her accounts.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. She was jealous to see Hunter with Ethan that day. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Alexa asked Ethan to Insult Hunter . She was jealous to see Hunter and Ethan that day . They will talk about it tomorrow .
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. She was jealous to see Hunter with Ethan.
Alexa confesses to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult her.
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola lost her scarf in Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new one.
Ola and Kate are in Cuba , but they don ' t have any connection in Cuba . Momo ' s scarf from Laos is Ola ' s favorite one . Ola will have a look at them .
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola has lost his scarf from Laos. He will look for a new one in a boutique shop.
Ola and her family are travelling in Cuba. They don't have any nice scarves or shawls. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new one. Ola doesn't like the quality of the blouses. Ola will have a look for an authentic Cuban blouse.
Susan had a date. They went to a rollerskating disco.
Susan took her date to a rollerskating disco .
Susan went on a rollerskating disco date with a man.
Susan's date took her to a rollerskating disco. Jill is jealous.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink in Barcelona.
Jenny , Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday .
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to a concert on Saturday at 8th Av.
E might not come to the function. Evan will try to make him come.
Evan will try to make Ethan come to the function .
Ethan might not come to the function, so Evan will try to make him come.
Evan will try to make Ethan come to the function.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. She needs to stay at home with her for a few days.
Lorenna can ' t come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever . She needs to take her to the doctor .
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. Lorenna will stay at home with her for a few days.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow as she needs to take Emma to the doctor. She's sleeping now. Ann and Shirley give her a kiss.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19.
Sam started his career mode in fifa . He likes the way the champions league is .
Sam started the career mode in fifa 19. It's different from the one in 18.
Sam has started the career mode in FIFA 19, which is different from the one in 18 maaan.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow.
Jules misled Derek about their class tomorrow .
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow as it's Friday.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow because someone lied about it being Friday.
Joe's job is wearing him down.
Joe is not happy with his job but they give him more work . Tim ' s friend Terry tried to quit but he had an ulcer .
Joe's job is wearing him out. Sam and Tim advise him not to let it burn him out like Terry did.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim and Sam advise Joe not to let it burn him out.
Tony shares a photo of a cat.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat .
Tony has sent Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Amy sends Lucas a photo of a cat.
George will call Patricia in an hour.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so because she can ' t talk now .
Patricia wants George to call her in an hour.
Patricia wants George to call her in an hour. George will call her in an hour.
